---
title: "Prologue"
---

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry!"

The scene starts with a blonde-haired young girl wearing a white, shining décolletage robe and lowering her back to apologize for her mistake. And Shinichi Sagara, the protagonist of this story, watched over her actions with a dull expression on his face.

According to Shinichi, the dress was really uncomfortable to move around. He wasn't familiar with this type of clothing and thought it must be similar to those sleeveless dresses usually worn by girls.

From a closer look, Shinichi's eyes were found to be stagnant. No anger, no joy, nor any curiosity in them. But the crying little goddesses hadn't noticed it yet.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry!

The blue-eyed little girl was crying to her heart's content. Similar to a mid-summer cicada without noticing the reaction of the opposite party. Shinichi scratched her cheeks in this awkward situation. Even then, his facial expression was dead. 

Shinichi was a typical Japanese corporate warrior with black eyes and black hair. Dressed in a plain, slightly worn-out suit. His profession was also known by the name "Shachiku" (Company Slave/Corporate Slave).

The company he worked for was a subcontractor of a major game company. If the boss asks him to do something, it's not unusual for him to work 20 consecutive shifts in a month. 

He used to stay in the company for long hours that even his home address had been changed to company address on his mobile.

Shinichi thought, "I don't even know what in the world am I doing here?"

As I recalled the past events, I finally remembered something related to my current situation.

That day, after getting out of my 37th consecutive shift, I was getting ready to head towards my home. I remember getting on a bus, then…

"Did I die?"

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!!"

"I am not blaming you. But is it something related to that?"

The little girl was crying so hard that her eyes were melting out from tears. She managed to squeeze out a few words then continued to cry again.

"It's because of the Wadaji World…"

Her voice was trembling. Her breathing was getting rough, and the reply she posed wasn't clear enough.

The little girl was crying too much. At one point, her tiny body couldn't handle it, and she finally threw up and started vomiting on the ground.

Shinichi was a bit impatient before, but he finally moved near the girl and patted her on the back. The young girl finally puked out the remaining stuck in her throat and was able to get her to breathe back. 

After repeating and asking the same question, the situation became apparent, and Shinichi got a summary of the events that happened in the past few hours.

Her story can be summarized as follows.

The little girl was a new goddess of a certain world. By Divine standards, she was a "newborn" goddess and was striving hard to raise her own world that had been entrusted to her for the first time. 

But then a demon took birth in her world.

In this world, demons are like poisonous fungus or viruses; they are harmful and not very beneficial. They are like stagnation or pus in the world.

To some extent, they can be eliminated by the world's ability to cleanse itself, but the inhabitants of this world were very weak.

They were about to be eliminated by demons in no time, so the goddess hurriedly bestowed upon them the great ritual magic called "Otherworld Summoning."

Simply put, this is a magic that uses the magic power of this world to bring beings from other worlds with very high abilities, such as "Heroes," "Saints," and "Wise men," or beings who can reach those levels.

The goddesses somehow managed to ask her senior gods to provide them with people with such qualities from other rich worlds.

In the beginning, they were able to get by with that, but the inhabitants of the goddess's world began to rely too much on otherworldly people with overwhelming power and gradually began to abuse summoning.

"In other words, I am also a…?!"

"No, this time, the Hero was the bus driver! But it seems that the method of summoning was a bit rough…."

Shinichi was a bit annoyed but looked at the self-proclaimed goddesses without any expression.

The self-proclaimed goddess quivered and squeezed out the remaining of her sentence.

"When I got to know that everyone in the bus got caught in the hero summoning, I brought everyone here, including Shinichi."

According to the goddesses, Shinichi was a mob character who got caught in the summoning purely by mistake.

After listening to her, Shinichi pondered and asked, "In other words, I'm not a hero or anything, I'm just a normal human being, and you are gonna throw me into a different world?"

"Yeah, it's my world's mismanagement, so I'm giving you my skills!"

"Yes, but since this mismanagement happened from my world, I will bestow some of my skills on you."

"Can't I go back?" Shinichi asked with a dull expression.

He didn't want to go to another world filled with danger and life-threatening creatures like Demons.

He didn't have a girlfriend in the previous world, but he had family and friends. It was too scary to suddenly be taken from a familiar place to an unknown place where he didn't know anyone and where common sense was entirely different.

"In the original world… You are minced on the bus!" 

According to the goddesses, the accident happened just within a fraction of a minute. If it were any slower, not only Shinichi, the others may also have developed trauma because of this accident.

"Well, you can choose to get transferred to my world with your current memories and skills, or you can reincarnate once more in your original world! However, in the original world you will not retain your memories!

"Is it the same in your world too?"

The young goddess replied while looking at a thick manual she had taken out from somewhere. 

"It is difficult to start as a baby, but it is possible to grow up to a certain extent and reincarnate…."

Shinichi sensed that the goddess was afraid of him and asked her not to get nervous. It seems that before Shinichi's interview, she had interviewed other people from other worlds who were involved in this summoning, and they yelled at her tremendously. Well, it was natural after hearing her greetings.

When someone opened their eyes before the goddess, the first thing she said to them was, "You're dead!"
It seems that she has been yelled at enough that she had lost her confidence as a dignified goddess.

"So, little goddess. What happened to the rest of them?"

The young goddesses smiled and replied, "Everyone has decided to come to my world instead of the original one! I've sent them one by one! I've given them cheat skills so that you won't have any trouble living in another world!"

Shinichi pondered over something and then posed his question, "Won't they misuse the power that you have given them to use freely?"
Shinichi was already aware of the root of this problem. This whimsical goddess had caused the fall of her world.

"Well, Goddess..."

"There are many goddesses, and my name is Furumiaruka!"

"Uh, Goddess Furumiaruka. Wouldn't your world be in turmoil if you send people with cheat skills? Then, instead of demons, people will fight amongst themselves for power." 

Hearing this, the goddess was shocked as if she had been struck by lightning. She collapsed all of a sudden and began to cry for some reason. It's like a slug that's been sprinkled with salt.

"But, but what can I do? The people of my world are fragile. And more and more demons are being born into my world!" 
The goddess's cries echoed in the large, temple-like room.

As the goddesses cried, her voice echoed in the large temple-like room. The marble-like tiled floor was becoming a puddle of water.

"Won't you retrieve the hero summoning technology from them? Isn't it dangerous when it's so widespread and being used without any restriction or limitation?"

"Well, it's not a problem if a powerful country uses it once every hundred years, but... It's been used excessively in recent years. If I take it away, then it may create trouble for them. 

"If you've got a lot of them this time, they probably don't need it for a while. So I think you should take it away until space-time is stabilized. It's not easy for you either."

"Ahhhhh! Shinichi-San is so kind and # x203C;”

The little girl was dripping water from her eyes and started crying on Shinichi's knees.

The main reason for this problem was that the young goddess is too soft on her own world. Shinichi didn't like the idea of human weapons being born every ten years in the world he would reside in.

"--I want freedom. I want safety. I want to acquire skills and live a life free of ties for a while."

Shinichi, who had spent a long time as a company employee and was in despair over his life in the black, was not so attached to the world that he wanted to return to it and be reborn, so he had already made up his mind.

Shinichi had been working as a company slave for a long time, and did not have the attachment to return to the original world and live the same life again. He had already made up his decision. 

After much consideration, Shinichi was given the following skills

① Growth Power: The ability to learn skills faster than other people. It was necessary for Shinichi to adapt himself to the new world.

② Smart Phone: Can look up various things. Instead of recharging, it is activated by magic power.

③ Oracle: The oracle was sold by Furumiaruka in a rather threatening manner.

④ Interspatial Bag: The so-called item box. 

It had an enormous capacity to hold anything and everything. A promised item in a different world.

"You are ready for your journey Sir Shinichi!!"

In the end, the goddesses gave a smile and bid her farewell. After that, a strange phenomenon happened, and a flood of light swallowed Shinichi.  
